“SHYAM AANGAN”

JAIPUR, RAJASTHAN

Please read carefully..........

Important Instructions to the Allottee(s)

The Allottee(s) states and confirms that the firm has made the Allottee(s) aware of the availability of the
Builder  Buyers’  Agreement  (hereinafter  defined)  at  the  head  office  of  the  firm.  The  Allottee(s)  confirms
that  the  Allottee(s)  has  read  and  perused  the  Agreement,  containing  the  detailed  terms  and  conditions
and in addition, the Allottee(s) further confirms to have fully understood the terms and conditions of the
Agreement (including the Firms limitations) and the Allottee(s) is agreeable to perform his obligations as

per the conditions stipulated in the Agreement. Thereafter the Allottee(s) has applied for allotment of
a plot/shop in the Said Complex and has requested the firm to allot a plot/shop. The Allottee(s) agrees and
confirms to sign the Agreement in entirety and to abide by the terms and conditions of the Agreement
and the terms and conditions, as mentioned herein.
The  Allottee(s)  will  execute  two  (2)  copies  of  the  Agreement  for  each  plot/shop  to  be  purchased.  The
Agreement  sets  forth  in  detail  the  terms  and  conditions  of  sale  with  respect  to  the  plot//shop(s).  The
Allottee(s) agrees and understands that if the Allottee(s) fails to execute and deliver the Agreement
along  with  all  annexures  in  its  original  form  and  all  amounts  due  and  payable  as  per  the  schedule  of
payment within thirty (30) days from the date of its dispatch by the firm, then the Allottee(s) authorizes
the firm to cancel the allotment and on such cancelation, the Allottee(s) consents and authorizes the
firm to forfeit the Earnest Money along with Non Refundable Amounts. Thereafter the Allottee(s) shall
be left with no right, title or interest whatsoever in the Said Plot/shop.

The Allottee(s) further agrees and understands that the firm is not obliged to send any notice/reminders
in this regard.

The  Agreement  shall  not  be  binding  on  the  firm  until  executed  by  the  firm  through  it’s  authorized
signatory.  The  firm  reserves  the right  to  request  information  as  it  may  so  desire  concerning  the
Allottee(s).  The  firm  will  not  execute  any  Agreement  wherein  the  Allottee(s)  has  made  any  corrections/
cancellations / alterations / modifications. The firm also has the right to reject any Agreement executed
by  any  allottee(s)  without  any  cause  or  explanation  or  without  assigning  any  reasons  thereof  and  the
decision of the firm shall be final and binding on the Allottee(s).

The  Allottee(s)  confirms  to  have  read  and  understood  the  above  instructions  and  the  clauses  of  the
Agreement,  its  annexures,  etc. and  the  Allottee(s)  now  execute  this  Agreement  and  undertake  to
faithfully abide by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Sunil Bhatnagar
(Allottee(s)

Instructions for execution of the Agreement:

1) Kindly sign along with joint allottee, if any, on every page of the Agreement including all annexures.

3) Both of the signed copies of the Agreement with all the annexures in its original form shall be
returned to the firm by registered post (AD)/hand delivery only within the time stipulated.

4) Kindly sign next to the tentative typical plot/shop plan in Annexures as attached.

5) Witnesses signatures to be done only on Witness space.

“SHYAM AANGAN”

JAIPUR, RAJASTHAN

BUILDER-BUYER AGREEMENT

This Agreement (the ‘Agreement’) is made at Noida on this 9th day of Jan 2026.

BY AND BETWEEN

M/s.  SVI  INFRA  SOLUTIONS  PVT LTD,  firm presently having its  Registered  Office at  A-61  Sector-65
Noida Uttar Pradesh 201309 (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Firm which expression shall, unless it
be repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include its executors, successors) acting
through its Authorized Signatory of the FIRST PART.

AND

(FOR INDIVIDUALS)
1st ALLOTTEE

Mr/Ms/Mrs  : Sunil Bhatnagar (Aadhar No : 590415758951)
Son/Daughter/Wife of : Om Prakash
H/No-212 Puncture Shop Old Route NH24 Near Hotel,
Green Palace Baksar, Faridpur Simbhavali,
Hapur, Uttar Pradesh -245207.

AND

2nd ALLOTTEE
Mr/Ms/Mrs……………………………………………….……………………………………………………………………………………………
Son/Daughter/Wife of ……………………………………………………………………………………………….………………………
R/o…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………...….

AND

Son/Daughter/

3rd ALLOTTEE
Mr/Ms/Mrs.
Wife of 
R/o 

OR

(FOR FIRMS)
M/s.
proprietorship firm duly registered and having its office at

a partnership/

through its Authorized Signatory Partner/ Sole

Proprietor Mr. / Ms. / Mrs 
R/o

OR
(FOR COMPANIES)
M/s.
registered under Companies Act, 1965 having its registered office at

a firm duly

Mrs 
dated 

.

# (Strike out whatever is not applicable)

through its duly Authorized Signatory Mr. / Ms. /

authorized by board resolution

Hereinafter jointly and severally referred to as the 'Allottee' (which expression unless excluded by or
repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, shall mean and include his/her/its heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and legal representatives) of the SECOND PART.

The firm and Allottee are hereinafter individually referred to as the 'Party' and collectively
referred to as the ‘Parties'.

Firms Representation

WHEREAS  the  firm  is  bona  fide  purchaser  of  the  land  bearing  “SHYAM  AANGAN”,  Village  Basadi  Tehsil
Kishan Garh Renwal, Dist. Jaipur, State – Rajasthan (hereinafter referred to as the 'Said Land').

AND WHEREAS it is clarified that the firm has not intended to convey right or interest in any of the land

falling outside the Said Building / Said Complex / Said Land and no impression of any kind has been given
with regard to the constructions that may take place on the land outside the Said Land.

Allottee(s) Representations

AND WHEREAS the Allottee(s) vide Application Dated 26th November 2025 applied for allotment of Said
Plot//shop  (herein  after  defined)  in  the  Said  Complex  after  perusal  and  understanding  the  terms  and
conditions of this Agreement

AND WHEREAS the Allottee after fully satisfying himself with the stated facts applied to the firm is in the
process of developing the Residential Colony on the said Land, and in pursuance thereof,
it is
understood  and  agreed  by  the  Allottee  that  the  Plot//shop  area  and  location  of  Plot/shop,  which  the
Allottee is intending to buy are tentative and are subject to change.

AND WHEREAS the Allottee after fully satisfying himself about the right, title, interest and limitation of
the firm in the said land / complex has shown interest in the Complex and has approached the
Firm for allotment of Plot/shop admeasuring 105.38 sq.yd.
vide application form dated 26th November 2025.

AND  WHEREAS  the  Allottee  has  read  and  understood  the  advance  payment  plans  offered  by  SVI  INFRA
SOLUTIONS  PVT  LTD,  and  hereby  agree  to  abide  by  the  conditions  mentioned  in  it  and  the  Allottee
has/have chosen to pay the balance advance/subscription Agreement
towards the provisional
registration against a probable allotment of plot(s)/shops as per detailed in Annexure- A.

AND WHEREAS in pursuance to the aforesaid application for allotment the firm accepted the application
of the Allottee and allotted Plot No – 6 in SHYAM AANGAN  on dated 26th November 2025 to the Allottee
and  the  Allottee  has  verified  and  satisfied  with  the  records  which  entitle  the  firm  to  execute  this
Agreement.

AND WHEREAS the Allottee hereby undertakes that he/she shall abide by all laws, rules, regulations,
notifications and terms and conditions of Rajasthan Government, as per
alteration(s)/amendment(s)/modification(s) thereto, and shall be liable for defaults and/or breaches of
any of the conditions, rules or regulations as may be applicable to the said land/complex from time to
time.
AND WHEREAS the Allottee has represented and warranted to the firm that the Allottee has the power,
competence and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement and has clearly understood his /
her rights, duties, responsibilities and obligations under the Agreement.

law and any

AND WHEREAS the firm relying on the confirmations, representations and assurances of the Allottee(s)
to faithfully abide by all the terms, conditions and stipulations contained in this Agreement has accepted
in good faith the Application to allot the Said Plot/shop and is now willing to enter into this Agreement
on the terms and conditions appearing hereinafter.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  THIS  INDENTURE  WITNESSETH  AND  IT  IS  HEREBY  AGREED  AND  DECLARED  BY  AND
BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO AS FOLLOWS:

'Agreement' shall mean Builder Buyer’s agreement, which is executed by and between the firm and the
Allottee;

‘Allottee’  means  the  person(s)  named  and  referred  to  as  party  and  who  is  being  allotted  the  Said
Plot//shop and who has signed and executed the Agreement.

'Date of Possession' shall mean the date on which the actual physical possession is taken or deemed to
have been taken by the Allottee

'Deemed Possession' shall mean the possession of the Plot/shop,
if not taken, by the Allottee
possession be deemed to be delivered on the next succeeding day after the expiry date of the notice of
possession;

"Earnest Money “means 50% of the Total Price, of the Said Plot/shop payable by the Allottee(s) and
more clearly setout in schedule of payments, Annexure A

‘External  Developmental  Charges  (EDC)’  means  the  charges  levied  or  livable  on  the  Said  Complex/  Said
Land  (whatever  name  called  or  in  whatever  form)  by  the  Government  of  Rajasthan  or  any  other
Governmental  Authority  and  with  all  such  conditions  imposed  to  be  paid  by  the  Allottee(s)  and  also
includes any further increase in such charges.

"Force Majeure" means any event or combination of events or circumstances beyond the control of the
firm which cannot (a) by the exercise of reasonable diligence, or (b) despite the adoption of reasonable
precaution and/or alternative measures, be prevented, or caused to be prevented, and which adversely
affects the Firms ability to perform obligations under this Agreement, which shall include but not be
limited to:

(a) acts of God i.e. fire, drought, flood, earthquake, epidemics, natural disasters;
(b) explosions or accidents, air crashes and shipwrecks, act of terrorism;
(c) strikes or lock outs, industrial dispute;
(d) non-availability of cement, steel or other construction material due to strikes of manufacturers,
suppliers, transporters or other intermediaries or due to any reason whatsoever;
(e) war and hostilities of war, riots, bandh, act of terrorism or civil commotion;
(f) the promulgation of or amendment in any law, rule or regulation or the issue of any injunction, court
order  or  direction  from  any  Governmental  Authority  that  prevents  or  restricts  a  party  from  complying
with any or all the terms and conditions as agreed in this Agreement;
(g) any legislation, order or rule or regulation made or issued by the Govt. or any other Authority or if
any  Governmental  Authority(ies)  refuses,  delays,  withholds,  denies  the  grant  of  necessary  approvals  for
the Said Complex/ Said Building or if any matters, issues relating to such approvals, permissions, notices,
notifications  by  the  Governmental  Authority(ies)  become  subject  matter  of  any  suit  /  writ  before  a
competent court or; for any reason whatsoever;
(h) any event or circumstances analogous to the foregoing.

“IBMS”  means  the  interest  bearing  maintenance  security  to  be  paid  by  the  Allottee(s)  for  the
maintenance and upkeep of the Said Complex/ Said Building to be paid as per the Schedule of payments
(attached as Annexure-B to this Agreement) to the firm

‘Infrastructure  Development  Charges  (IDC)’  shall  mean  the  infrastructure  development  charges  levied/
leviable (by whatever name called, now or in future) by the Governmental Authority towards the cost of
development of major infrastructure projects.

“Governmental  Authority”  or  “Governmental  Authorities”  shall  mean  any  government  authority,
statutory  authority,  competent  authority,  government  department,  agency,  commission,  board,  tribunal
or court or other law, rule or regulation making entity having or purporting to have jurisdiction on behalf
of  the  Republic  of  India  or  any  state  or  other  subdivision  thereof  or  any  municipality,  district  or  other
subdivision  thereof,  and  any  other  municipal/  local  authority  having  jurisdiction  over  the  land  on  which
the Said Complex/ Said Building is situated;

“Maintenance  Agency”  means the Firm,  its nominee(s)  or  association of  plot/shop  allottee’s or such
other  agency/  body/  Firm/  association  of  condominium  to  whom the  Firm may  handover  the
maintenance  and  who  shall  be  responsible  for  carrying  out  the  maintenance  of  the  Said  Complex/  Said
Building.

“Maintenance Charges” shall mean the charges payable by the Allottee(s) to the Maintenance Agency
for the maintenance services of the Said Building/Said Complex, including common areas and facilities
but does not include; (a) the charges for actual consumption of utilities in the Said Plot/shop including
but  not  limited  to  electricity,  water,  which  shall be  charged  based  on  actual  consumption  on  monthly
basis  and  (b)  any  statutory  payments,  taxes,  with  regard  to  the  Said  Plot/shop/Said  Building/Said
Complex.  The  details  of  Maintenance  Charges  shall  be  more  elaborately  described  in  the  Maintenance
Agreement.

“Non  Refundable  Amounts”  means  the  interest  paid  or  payable  on  delayed  payments,  brokerage
paid/payable by the Firm, if any, etc.

“Preferential Location Charges (PLC)” means charges for the preferential location attribute(s) of the
Said Plot/shop payable/ as applicable to be calculated on the per sq. yd./sq. ft. based on super area of
the Said Plot/shop, as mentioned in this Agreement.

“Said  Plot/shop”  means  the  plot/shop  allotted  to  the  Allottee/s,  details  of  which  have  been  set  out  in
clause  1  of  this  Agreement,  the  tentative  typical  plot/shop  plan  and  the  tentative  specifications  of  the
same given in annexure-_A_and includes any alternative plot/shop allotted in lieu of the Said Plot/shop.

“Said Complex” means the ““SHYAM AANGAN””, BASADI, KISHAN GARH RENWAL,
RAJASTHAN  comprising  of  residential  plot/shop  buildings,  shops,  club  house  swimming  pool,  gym  etc.,
community shopping, nursery school, and any other building Amenities and Facilities as may be
approved by the Governmental Authority.

JAIPUR,

“Total Price” means any and all kind of the amount amongst others, payable for the Said Plot/shop
which  includes  basic  sale  price,  PLC  (if  the  Said  Plot/shop  is  preferentially  located),  Additional  PLC
calculated on per sqyd./sq.ft. based on the Area of the Said Plot/shop and EDC/IDC, but does not
include other amounts, charges, security amount etc., which are payable in accordance with the terms
of the Application/Agreement, including but not limited to : -
i) Wealth tax, government rates tax on land, fees or levies of all and any kinds by whatever name called.
ii) IBMS.
iii) Maintenance charges, property tax, municipal tax on the Said Plot/shop.
iv) Stamp  duty,  registration  and  incidental  charges  as  well  as  expenses  for  execution  of  the  Agreement
and conveyance deed etc.
v) Taxes and Cesses.
vi) The  cost  for  electric  and  water  meter  as  well  as  charges  for  water  and  electricity  connection  and

consumption.
vii) Club membership fees and club charges, as applicable.
viii) Escalation charges.
ix) Any other charges that may be payable by the Allottee(s) as per the other terms of the Agreement
and  such  other  charges  as  may  be  demanded  by  the  Firm  which  amounts  shall  be  payable  by  the
Allottee(s)  in  addition  to  the  Total  Price  in  accordance  with  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  Agreement
and as per the demand raised by the Firm from time to time.
Interpretation
Unless the context otherwise requires in this Agreement:
a. the use of words importing the singular shall
gender and vice versa;

include plural and masculine shall

include feminine

b. reference to any law shall include such law as from time to time enacted, amended, supplemented or
re-enacted;
c. reference to the words “include” or “including” shall be construed without limitation;
d. reference to this Agreement, or any other agreement, deed or other instrument or document shall be
construed as a reference to this Agreement or such agreement, deed or other instrument or document
as the same may from time to time be amended, varied, supplemented or novated.

The Allottee(s) agrees that wherever in this Agreement, it is explicitly mentioned that the Allottee(s) has
understood  or  acknowledged  obligations  of  the  Allottee(s)  or  the  rights  of  theFirm,  the  Allottee(s)  has
given consent to the actions of the Firm or the Allottee(s) has acknowledged that the Allottee(s) has no
right  of  whatsoever  nature,  the  Allottee(s)  in  furtherance  of  the  same,  shall  do  all  such  acts,  deeds  or
things, as the Firm may deem necessary and/or execute such documents/deeds in favour of the Firm at
the first request without any protest or demur.

1. That the Firm hereby agrees to sell/ convey/ Transfer the /shop/Plot NO. 5 admeasuring 102 SqYd
in favour of Allottee, at Village Basadi, Tehsil Kishan Garh Renwal, Dist. Jaipur, State – Rajasthan.

2. The  Allottee(s)  has  paid  a  sum  of  Rs.  1,54,908/-  (RUPEES  ONE  LAKH  FIFTY  FOUR  THOUSANDS
NINE  HUNDREDS  EIGHT  ONLY) being part payment  towards the Total Price at  the time of
Application, the receipt of which the Firm both hereby acknowledge and the Allottee(s) agrees to pay
the  remaining  price  of  the  Plot//shop as prescribed in schedule of payments (annexure-A  )
attached with this Agreement along with all other charges, Taxes and Cesses, securities, etc. as may
be demanded by the Firm within the time and in the manner specified therein.

3. The  Allottee(s)  agrees  and  confirms  that  out  of  the  total  amount(s)  paid/payable  by  the
Allottee(s) for the Said Plot/shop, 30% of the Total Price of the Said Plot/shop shall be treated as
Earnest Money to ensure fulfillment of the terms and conditions as contained in the Application
and  this  Agreement.  In  the  event,  the  Allottee(s)  fails  to  perform  any  obligations  or  commit
breach of any of the terms and conditions, mentioned in the Application and/or this Agreement,
including but not limited to the occurrence of any event of default as stated in this Agreement
and the failure of the Allottee(s) to sign and return this Agreement in original to the Firm within
30  days  of  dispatch,  the  Allottee(s)  agrees,  consents  and  authorizes  the  Firm  to  cancel  the
allotment  and  on  such  cancellation,  the  Allottee(s)  authorizes  the  Firm  to  forfeit  the  Earnest
Money along with Non Refundable Amounts. Thereafter the Allottee(s) shall be left with no
right,  interest  and  lien  on  the  Said  Plot/shop/Said  Complex.  This  is  in  addition  to  any  other
remedy/right,  which  the  Firm  may  have.  If  the  amount  paid  by  the  Allottee(s)  is  less  than  the
forfeitable amount, then the Allottee(s) undertakes to make good the shortfall of the forfeitable
amounts.

4. The  Allottee  understands  that  the  part  advance  given  by  him/them  is  towards  provisional
registration  against  to  probable’s  allotments  of  plot(s)/shop(s)/in  the  ongoing  project.  That
further  Understand  the  Allotee  at  the  provisional  registration  against  a  probable’s  allotment  is
subject to the following conditions:
I.
II.

EDC And IDC shall be charged extra @ 150/Sq. yard for plots and @ 50 /Sq. ft. for shop.
PLC(s) determined by the firm shall be charged extra and will be charged proportionally
with every Advances payment installments. There will be three types of PLC applicable

on both plots and Shops (1) Corner, (2) Wide Road, (3) park facing, (4) facility. Payment
for PLC’s will be as Follows: one PLC’s- 6% of BSP, Two PLC’s- 9% of BSP, Three PLC’s 12%
of BSP.

III.
IV.

V.

to cancel

the  provisional registration without any notice.

All other charges like maintenance deposits and such other charges as may be determined by
the firm at the time of allotment/possession, shall be charged extra and compulsory to initiate
final registration process.
Registration charge, stamp duty and service tax will be extra as per the applicable rate.
The  all  PDC’s  towards  part  advance  payment  installments  for  provisional  registration
must  be  honored.  In  the  first  instance.  In  the  case  any  PDC  is  dishonored,  firm  reserves
the right
is further
understood  that,  without  any  prejudice  to  firms  any  right  in  case  of  the  dishonor  of
Allottee  part  advance  payment  cheque,  firm  may  at  its  own  discretion  are  paid  by  the
Allottee along with simple interest @ 18% p.a in addition to cheque bouncing charge of
Rs 1500/ instance and cheque collection charge of Rs 1500/ Instance within 7 days from
the date of cheque bouncing.
Any  variation  in  the  total  sale  consideration,  due  to  change  in  EDC,  infrastructure
development charges or any other charges so demanded by the state government and
/or  authorities  or  any  other  government  department,  the  Agreement  as  apportioned  by
the firm shall be final and bindings on Allottee.

it

The  Allottee(s)  shall  make  all  payments  within  the  stipulated  time  as  mentioned  in  the  schedule  of
payments as given in Annexure-A annexed to this Agreement and other charges and amounts, as may
be  demanded  by  the  Firm  from  time  to  time,  without  any  reminders  from  the  Firm,  through  A/c  payee
cheque(s)/ demand draft(s) in favour of ‘_SVI INFRA SOLUTIONS PVT LTD_' or transfer online to:

Account Name: SVI INFRA SOLUTIONS PVT LTD,
Account Number: 0894102000013837,
Bank: IDBI BANK,
IFSC CODE: IBKL0000894

5. The  Allottee  understands  that  the  project  is  still  at  the  concept  stage  and  decision  and
developments will to an extent depend on the kind of Allottee response as generated by this
and like request besides the completions of land acquisition, conversion and approval of plans.

6. The  Allottee  further  understands  that  the  Agreement  paid  hereby  and  through  the  provisional
registration  against  a  probable’s  allotment  shall  be  converted  into  allotment  only  upon  the
intimations  by  the  firm  post  sanctions  of  the  plans  provided  all  payments  due  have  been  paid

timely.

7. The  Allottee  understands  that  the  allotment  shall  be  subject  to  due  execution  of  the  firms
Agreement in its standard format including maintenance agreement IBMS as per Annexure B
and acceptance by him/ them of all term and condition of the firm.

8. A.  The  Allottee  understands  that  there  is  a  lock  in  period  of  12  months  from  the  date  of  the
realization of first part advance payment with a grace period of 6 months in order to claim 18%
interest for delay on possession on the paid amount unless there shall be delay or failure due to
Force Majeure conditions including but not limited to failure of the Allottee(s) to pay in time the
Total Price and other charges and dues/payments mentioned in this Agreement or any failure on
the  part  of  the  Allottee(s)  to  abide  by  all  or  any  of  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Agreement
during  which  the  Allottee  understands  that  he  /she  will  not  be  entitled  to  any  refund  of  the
money from the firm.

B. Possession will be given within lock in period of 12 months along with 6 months grace period.
If the possession of the Said Plot/shop is delayed due to Force Majeure conditions, then the
Firm  shall  be  entitled  to  extension  of  time  for  delivery  of  possession  of  the  Said  Plot/shop.  The
Firm  during  the  continuance  of  the  Force  Majeure,  reserves  the  right  to  alter  or  vary  the  terms
and conditions of this Agreement or if the circumstances so warrant, the Firm may also suspend
the development of the project for such period as is considered expedient, the Allottee(s)
agrees  and  consents  that  the  Allottee(s)  shall  have  no  right  to  raise  any  claim,  compensation  of
any  nature  whatsoever  for  or  with  regard  to  such  suspension.  The  Allottee(s)  agrees  and
understands that if the Force Majeure condition continues for a long period, then the Firm alone
in  its  own  judgment  and  discretion,  may  terminate  this  Agreement  and  in  such  case  the  only
liability  of  the  Firm  shall  be  to  refund  the  amounts  without  any  interest  or  compensation
whatsoever. The Allottee(s) agrees that the Allottee(s) shall have no right or claim of any nature
whatsoever  and  the  Firm  shall  be  released  and  discharged  of  all  its  obligations  and  liabilities
under this Agreement.

C.  The  builder  will  provide  basic  facilities  like  internal  Roads,  Parks,  External  Boundary
Walls/Fencing, Street Lights, Security System, etc…..

D.  If  the  Firm  is  unable  to  construct/continue  or  complete  the  construction  of  the  Said
Building/Said  Complex  due  to  Force  Majeure  conditions  or  due  to  any  government/regulatory
authority’s  action,  inaction  or  omission,  then  the  Firm  may  challenge  the  same  by  moving  the
appropriate  courts,  tribunal(s)  and  /  or  authority.  In  such  a  situation,  the  amount(s)  paid  by  the
Allottee(s)  shall  continue  to  remain  with  the  Firm  and  the  Allottee(s)  shall  not  have  a  right  to
terminate  this  Agreement  and  ask  for  refund  of  his  money  and  this  Agreement  shall  remain  in
abeyance  till  final  determination  by  the  court(s)  /  tribunal(s)  /  authority  (ies).  However,  the
Allottee(s)  may,  if  so  desires  become  a  party  along  with  the  Firm  in  such  litigation  to  protect
Allottee’s rights arising under this Agreement. In the event the Firm succeeding in its challenge
to  the  impugned  legislation  or  rule,  regulation,  order  or  notification  as  the  case  may  be,  it  is
hereby agreed that this Agreement shall stand revived and the Allottee(s) shall be liable to fulfill
It  is  further agreed that in the event of the
all obligations as provided  in this Agreement.
aforesaid  challenge  of  the  Firm  to  the 
legislation,  order,  rules,  regulations,
notifications,  and  the  said  legislation,  order,  rules,  regulations,  notifications  become  final,
absolute  and  binding,  the  Firm  will,  subject  to  provisions  of  law/court  order,  refund  within
reasonable time to the Allottee(s) the amounts received from the Allottee(s) after deducting

impugned 

Non Refundable Amounts, but without any interest or compensation and the decision of the
Firm in this regard shall be final and binding on the Allottee(s) save as otherwise provided
herein,  the  Allottee(s)  shall  be  left  with  no  other  right,  claim  of  whatsoever  nature  against  the
Firm under or in relation to this Agreement.

9. The Allottee(s) authorizes the Firm to adjust/appropriate all payments that shall be made by the
Allottee(s)  under  any  head(s)  of  dues  against  outstanding  heads  in  Allottee’s  name  and  the
Allottee(s) shall not have a right to object/demand/direct the Firm to adjust the payments in any
manner otherwise than as decided by the Firm.

10. The  Allottee(s)  agrees  that  time  is  essence  with  respect  to  payment  of  Total  Price  and  other
charges,  deposits  and  amounts  payable  by  the  Allottee(s)  as  per  this  Agreement  and/or  as
demanded by the Firm from time to time and also to perform/observe all the other obligations
of  the  Allottee(s)  under  this  Agreement.  The  Firm  is  not  under  any  obligation  to  send  any
reminders for the payments to be made by the Allottee(s) as per the schedule of payments and
for  the  payments  to  be  made  as  per  demand  by  the  Firm  or  other  If  any  delay  in  due  payment
then the firm will charge 18% p.a interest on pro-rata basis and if such delay continue for 90
days then allotment will automatically get transfer to Market Payment Plan.

11. If  any  delay  in  due  payment,  then  the  firm  will  charge  18%  p.a  interest  on  pro-rata  basis  and  if
such delay continue for 90 days then allotment will automatically get transfer to Market
Payment Plan.

12. The  Allottee(s)  has  seen  and  accepted  the  schedule  of  payments,  (as  given  in  Annexure-A)  .The
Firm may in its sole discretion or as may be directed by any Governmental Authority (ies) or due
to  Force Majeure conditions carry out,
such additions, alterations, deletions and/ or
modifications  in  the  plot//shop  floor  plans,  specifications,  etc.,  including  but  not  limited  to
change in the position of the Said Plot//shop, change in the number of Said Plot//shop, change
in the area and/ or change in the dimension of the Said Plot//shop at any time thereafter till the
grant of Conveyance Deed/Registry. The Allottee(s) agrees and understands
the
construction  will  commence  only  after  all  necessary  approvals  are  received  from  the  concerned
authorities.

that

13. In case of any alteration/modifications resulting in (+)(-)10% change in the plot Area of the Said
Plot/shop  any  time  prior  to  and  upon  the  grant  of  intimation  letter/Conveyance  Deed/
registration,  the  Firm  shall  intimate  in  writing  to  the  Allottee(s)  the  changes  thereof  and  the
resultant change, if any, in the Total Price of the Said Plot/shop to be paid by the Allottee(s) and
the Allottee(s) agrees to deliver to the Firm written consent or objections to the changes within
thirty  (30)  days  from  the  date  of  dispatch  by  the  Firm.  In  case  the  Allottee(s)  does  not  send  his
written consent, the Allottee(s) shall be deemed to have given unconditional consent to all such
alterations/modifications  and  for  payments,  if  any,  to  be  paid  in  consequence  thereof.  If  the
Allottee(s) 
such
alterations/modifications  then  in  such  case  alone  the  Firm  may  at  its  sole  discretion  decide  to
cancel  this  Agreement  without  further  notice  and  refund  the  entire  money  received  from  the
Allottee(s) in six equal installments within ninety (90) days from the date of intimation received
by the Firm from the Allottee(s). Upon the decision of the Firm to cancel the Said Plot/shop, the

non-consent/objections 

in  writing 

indicating 

objects 

his 

to 

Firm  shall  be  discharged  from  all  its  obligations  and  liabilities  under  this  Agreement  and  the
Allottee(s) shall have no right, interest or claim of any nature whatsoever on the Said Plot/shop.

14. The  Firm,  upon  obtaining  necessary  approvals  from  the  Govt  authority  shall  offer  in  writing
possession of the Said Plot/shop to the Allottee(s). Within 30 days from the date of issue of such
notice  and  the  Firm  shall  give  possession  of  the  Said  Plot/shop  to  the  Allottee(s)  provided  the
Allottee(s)  is  not in  default  of  any  of  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Agreement  and  has
complied with all provisions, formalities, documentation, etc., as may be prescribed by the Firm
in this regard.
The  Allottee(s)  shall  be  liable  to  pay  the  Maintenance  Charges  from  the  date  of  grant  of  the
intimation  letter  or  Conveyance  deed  whichever  is  earlier  irrespective  of  the  date  on  which  the
Allottee(s) takes possession of the Said Plot/shop.

15. Upon  receiving  a  written  intimation  from  the  Firm  in  terms  of  clause  13  above,  the  Allottee(s)
shall within the time stipulated by the Firm, take possession of the Said Plot//shop from the
Firm  by  executing  necessary  indemnities,  undertakings,  and  such  other  documentation  as  the
Firm may prescribe and by making all the payments to the Firm of all charges/dues as specified
in  this  Agreement  and  the  Firm  shall  after  satisfactory  execution  of  such  documents  give
possession of the Said Plot/shop to the Allottee(s), provided the Allottee(s) is not in breach of
any  other  term  of  this  Agreement.  If  the  Allottee(s)  fails  to  take  the  possession  of  the  Said
Plot/shop  as  aforesaid  within  the  time  limit  prescribed  by  the  Firm  in  its  notice,  then  the  Said
Plot/shop  shall  be  at  the  risk  and  cost  of  the  Allottee(s)  and  the  Firm  shall  have  no  liability  or
concern thereof. Further it is agreed by the Allottee(s) that in the event of the Allottee’s failure
to  take  possession  of  the  Said  Plot/shop  in  the  manner  as  aforesaid,  the  Firm  shall  `have  the
option  to  cancel  this  Agreement  and  avail  the  remedies  as  are  available  in  Law  including  as
stipulated  in  clause  28  of  this  Agreement  or  the  Firm  may,  without  prejudice  to  its  rights  under
any of the clauses of this Agreement and at its sole discretion, decide to condone the delay by
the Allottee(s) in taking possession of the Said Plot//shop in the manner as stated in this clause
on  the  condition  that  the  Allottee(s)  shall  pay  to  the  Firm  holding  charges  @  Rs30/-  per  sq.
yd/month. of  the  Plot  Area  per  month  for  any delay  of full one  month  or  any  part  thereof  in
taking  possession  of 
the  entire  period  of  delay.  The
Allottee(s)acknowledges that the charges stipulated above are just, fair and reasonable which
the  Firm  will  suffer  on  account  of  delay  in  taking  possession  of  the  Said  Plot//shop  by  the
Allottee(s) That on such condition and after receiving entire amount of charges together with all
other amounts due and payable under this Agreement (along with due interest, if any, thereon)
the Firm shall hand over the possession of the Said Plot/shop to the Allottee(s).For the
avoidance  of  any  doubt  it  is  clarified  that  these  charges  are  in  addition  to  maintenance  or  any
other charges as provided in this Agreement. Further, the  Allottee(s) agrees that in the event of
the  Allottee’s  failure  to  take  possession  of  the  Said  Plot/shop  within  the  time  stipulated  by  the
Firm in its notice, the Allottee(s) shall have no right or claim in respect of any item of work in the
Said Plot//shop which the Allottee(s) may allege not to have been carried out or completed or in
respect  of  any  design  specifications,  building  materials  or  any  other  reason  whatsoever  and  the
Allottee(s) shall be deemed  to  have been  fully  satisfied  in  all respects  concerning construction
and all other work relating to the Said Plot/shop/Said Building/Said Complex.

the  Said  Plot//shop 

for 

16. If for any reasons other than those given in clauses 8(b), 8(c) and clause 28, the Firm is unable to
or  fails  to  deliver  possession  of  the  Said  Plot//shop  to  the  Allottee(s)  within  Twenty  Four(24)
months with a grace period of 6 months from the date of Application or within any extended

period  or  periods  as  envisaged  under  this  Agreement,  then  in  such  case,  the  Allottee(s)  shall  be
entitled to give notice to the Firm, within ninety (90) days from the expiry of said period of
Twelve (12) months with a grace period of 6 months or such extended periods, as the case may
be,  for  terminating  this  Agreement.  In  that  event,  the Firm  shall be  at  liberty  to  sell and/or
dispose of the Said Plot//shop and the Parking Space(s) to any other party at such price and
upon  such  terms  and  conditions,  as  the  Firm  may  deem  fit  and  thereafter  the  Firm  shall  within
ninety  (90)  days  from  the  date  of  full  realization  of  the  sale  price  after  sale  of  Said  Plot//shop
refund to the Allottee(s),in six equal installments, without any interest, the amounts paid by the
Allottee(s)  in  respect  of  the  Said  Plot//shop  without  deduction  of  Earnest  Money  but  after
deduction  of  brokerage  paid  by  the  Firm  to  the  broker  /  sales  organizer  in  case  the  booking  is
done  through  a  broker/sales  organizer.  For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  it  is  stated  that  the
Allottee(s)shall have no other right or claim against the Firm in respect of the Said Plot/shop and
Parking Space(s).If the Allottee(s) fails to exercise the right of termination within the time limit
as aforesaid, then the Allottee’s right to terminate this Agreement shall stand waived off and
the Allottee(s) shall continue to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement.

17. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, in case of any delay other than clause 28
and  conditions  as  mentioned  in  clause  8(b)  and  8(c)  by  the  Firm  incompletion  of  handing  over
possession of the Said Plot/shop, the Firm shall pay compensation @ Rs. 20 per sq. Yd/ft.of the
Super Area of the Said Plot/shop per month or any part thereof only to the first named
Allottee(s)  and  not  to  anyone  else.  The  Allottee(s)  agrees  and  confirms  that  the  compensation
herein  is  a  just  and  equitable  estimate  of  the  damages  which  the  Allottee(s)  may  suffer  and
theAllottee(s) agrees that it shall have no other right claims whatsoever. The adjustment of such
compensation  shall  be  done  only  at  the  time  of  execution  of  conveyance  deed  of  the
SaidPlot/shop to the Allottee(s) first named.

18. The Firm, its associates/subsidiaries shall execute a Conveyance Deed to convey the title, of the
Said  Plot/shop  in  favor  of  the  Allottee(s),  provided  the  Allottee(s)  has  paid  the  Total  Price  and
other charges in accordance with this Agreement and the Allottee(s) is not in breach of all or any
of the terms of this Agreement.

19. In  order  to  provide  necessary  maintenance  services,  upon  the  completion  of  the  Said
Building/Said Complex the maintenance of the Said Building / Said Complex may be handed over
to  the  Maintenance  Agency.  The  Allottee(s)  agrees  to  execute  Maintenance  Agreement  (draft
given  in  annexure-B 
to  this  Agreement)  with  the  Maintenance  Agency  or  any  other
nominee/agency  or  other  body/association  of  plot//shop  owners  as  may  be  appointed  by  the
Firm from time to time for the maintenance and upkeep of the Said Building/ Said Complex The
Allottee(s)  further  undertakes  to  abide  by  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  Maintenance
Agreement  and  to  pay  promptly  all  the  demands,  bills,  charges  as  may  be  raised  by  the
Maintenance  Agency  from  time  to  time.  the  Firm  reserves  the  right  to  change,  modify,  amend,
impose additional conditions in the Maintenance Agreement at the time of its final execution.
The Maintenance Charges shall become applicable/payable from the date of intimation letter or
the date of Conveyance deed whichever is earlier. It is further specifically clarified that the draft
Maintenance  Agreement,  set  out  in  annexure-_B_  to  this  Agreement  is  merely  an  indicative
Maintenance Agreement
for
maintenance and  upkeep  of  the Said  Building  /  Said  Complex,  however,  if  at  any time,  after
having taken over the Said Building / Said Complex, the Maintenance Agency, said association of
plot//shop owners/ condominium of association decides to modify, alter, add, delete any one or

is proposed to be entered into with the Allottee(s)

that

more of the terms and conditions of the Maintenance Agreement, the Allottee(s) shall not have
any objection to the same and shall execute the Maintenance Agreement as may be required by
the  Maintenance  Agency  or  association  of  plot//shop  owners  or  association  of  condominium  or
its nominees or assigns.

20. The  total  Maintenance  Charges  shall  be  more  elaborately  described  in  the  Maintenance
Agreement (draft given in annexure -_B_). The Allottee(s) undertakes to pay the same promptly.
It  is  agreed  by  the  Allottee(s)  that  the  payment  of  Maintenance  Charges  will  be  applicable
whether  or  not  the  possession  of  Said  Plot//shop  is  taken  by  the  Allottee(s).  The  Maintenance
Charges shall be recovered on such estimated basis which may also include the overhead cost
on  monthly  /  quarterly  intervals  as  may  be  decided  by  the  Maintenance  Agency  and  adjusted
against  the  actual  audited  expenses  as  determined  at  every  end  of  the  financial  year  and  any
surplus/deficit  thereof  shall  be  carried  forward  and  adjusted  in  the  maintenance  bills  of  the
subsequent financial year. The estimates of the Maintenance Agency shall be final and binding
on  the  Allottee(s).  The  Allottee(s)  agrees  and  undertakes  to  pay  the  maintenance  bills  on  or
before due date as intimated by the Maintenance Agency.

21. The  Allottee(s)  shall  not  use  the  Said  Plot//shop  for  any  purpose  other  than  for  residential
purpose or commercial use, as prescribed; or use the same in a manner that may cause nuisance
or annoyance to other plot/shop owners or residents of the Said Complex; or for any
commercial or illegal or immoral purpose; or to do or cause anything to be done in or around
the  Said  Plot//shop  which  tends  to  cause  interference  to  any  adjacent  plot(s)  /  building(s)  or  in
any  manner  interfere  with  the  use  of  roads  or  amenities  available  for  common  use.  The
Allottee(s) shall indemnify the Firm against any action, damages or loss due to misuse for which
the Allottee(s) / occupant shall be solely responsible.

22. (a). The Allottee(s) agrees and understands that terms and conditions of the Agreement may be
modified/amended  by  the  Firm  in  accordance  with  any  directions/order  of  any  court  of  law,
Governmental Authority,
in compliance with  applicable law and such amendment shall be
binding on the Allottee(s).
(b). The Allottee(s) further agrees that the Maintenance Schedule (annexure-_B_) attached to
this  Agreement  is  annexed  to  acquaint  the  Allottee(s)  with  the  terms  and  conditions  as  may  be
stipulated  as  and  when  it  is  finally  executed  at  the  appropriate  time  to  be  notified  by  the  Firm.
The  Allottee(s)  consents  to  the  terms  and  conditions  contained  in  the  draft  which  shall
substantially  be  the  same  in  the  final  document  to  be  executed  at  the  appropriate  time  to  be
notified  by  the  Firm.  The  Allottee(s)  further  understands  that  the  Firm  shall  have  the  right  to
impose additional terms and conditions or to modify/amend/change the terms and conditions
as  stated  in  this  draft  in  the  final  document  to  be  executed  at  the  appropriate  time.  The  Firm
further reserves the right to correct, modify, amend or change all the annexures attached to this
Agreement  and  also  annexures  which  are  indicated  to  be  tentative  at  any  time  prior  to  the
execution of the Conveyance Deed/intimation letter of the Said Plot//shop.

23. The Allottee(s) agrees that the provisions of this Agreement, Maintenance Agreement, and
those contained in other annexures are specific and applicable to plot//shops offered for sale in
the Said Complex and these provisions cannot be read in evidence or interpreted in any manner
in  or  for  the  purpose  of  any  suit  or  proceedings  before  any  Court(s),  Commission,  Consumer
other
Disputes 
plot//shop(s)/building(s)/project(s)  of  the  Firm/  its  associates/subsidiaries,  partnership  firms  in
which the Firm is partner or interested.

Forum(s) 

involving 

judicial 

forum 

other 

any 

any 

or 

24. The Allottee(s) agrees and understands that if any provision of this Agreement is determined to
be void or unenforceable under applicable law, such provisions shall be deemed amended or

deleted in so far as reasonably inconsistent with the purpose of this Agreement and to the
extent  necessary  to  conform  to  applicable  law  and  the  remaining  provisions  of  this  Agreement
shall remain valid and enforceable as applicable at the time of execution of this Agreement.

25. The  Firm  shall  not  be  responsible  or  liable  for  not  performing  any  of  its  obligations  or
undertakings  provided  for  in  this  Agreement  if  such  performance  is  prevented  due  to  Force
Majeure conditions.

26. The execution of this Agreement will be complete only upon its execution by the Firm through
its authorized signatory at the Firms head office at, A-61 Sector-65 Noida Uttar Pradesh 201309,
after the copies are duly executed by the Allottee(s) and are received by the Firm .

27. All notices are to be served on the Allottee(s) as contemplated in this Agreement shall be
deemed to have been duly served if sent to the Allottee(s) or the Firm by registered post at their
respective addresses specified below:

H/No-212 Puncture Shop Old Route NH24 Near Hotel,
Green Palace Baksar, Faridpur Simbhavali,
Hapur, Uttar Pradesh -245207.

It  shall  be  the  duty  of  the  Allottee(s)  to  inform  the  Firm  of  any  change  subsequent  to  the
execution  of  this  Agreement  in  the  above  address  by  Registered  Post  failing  which  all
communications and letters posted at the above address shall be deemed to have been received
by the Allottee(s).

28. The Allottee(s) agrees that all defaults, breaches and/or non-compliance of any of the terms and
conditions  of  this  Agreement  shall  be  deemed  to  be  events  of  defaults  liable  for  consequences
stipulated  herein.  Some  of  the  indicative  events  of  defaults  are  mentioned  below  which  are
merely illustrative and are not exhaustive.
i)

Failure  to  make  payments  within  the  time  as  stipulated  in  the  schedule  of  payments  as
given in annexure-A_and failure to pay the stamp duty, legal, registration, any incidental
charges, any increases in security including but not limited to IBMS as demanded by the
Firm , any other charges, deposits for bulk supply of electrical energy, Taxes etc. as may
be notified by the Firm to the Allottee(s) under the terms of this Agreement, and all
other defaults of similar nature.
Failure to take possession of the Said Plot//shop within the time stipulated by the Firm .
Failure  to  execute  Maintenance  Agreement  and/or  to  pay  on  or  before  its  due  date  the
Maintenance Charges, maintenance security deposits, deposits/charges for bulk supply
of  electrical  energy  or  any  increases  in  respect  thereof,  as  demanded  by  the  Firm  ,  its
nominee,  other  Body  or  Association  of  Plot/shop  Owners/Association  of  Condominium,
as the case may be.
Assignment of this Agreement or any interest of the Allottee(s)  in this Agreement
without prior written consent of the Firm .
Dishonour of any cheque(s) given by the Allottee(s) for any reason whatsoever.
Escalation Charges
Any other acts, deeds or things which the Allottee(s) may commit, omit or fail to
perform 
undertaking,
affidavit/Agreement/indemnity etc. or as demanded by the Firm which in the opinion of
the Firm amounts to an event of default and the Allottee(s) agrees and confirms that the
decision of the Firm in this regard shall be final and binding on the Allottee(s).

Agreement, 

terms 

other 

this 

any 

of 

in 

ii)
iii)

iv)

v)
vi)
vii)

Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, upon the occurrence of any one or more
of  event(s)  of  default  under  this  Agreement  including  but  not  limited  to  those  specified
above,  the  Firm  may,  in  its  sole  discretion,  by  notice  to  the  Allottee(s),  cancel  this
Agreement by giving in writing thirty (30) days from the date of issue of notice to rectify
the default as specified in that notice. In default of the above, this Agreement shall
stand cancelled  without any further  notice.  If  the default  is not rectified within such
thirty  (30)days,  this  Agreement  shall  stand  cancelled  without  any  further  notice  or
intimation  and  the  Firm  shall  have  the  right  to  retain  Earnest  Money  along  with  the
interest on delayed payments, any interest paid, due or payable, any other amount of a
non-refundable nature. The Allottee(s) acknowledges that upon such cancellation of this
Agreement, the Allottee(s) shall have no right or interest on the Said Plot//shop and the
Firm  shall  be  discharged  of  all  liabilities  and  obligations  under  this  Agreement  and  the
Firm shall have the right to sell or deal with the Said Plot//shop in the manner in which
it may deem fit as if this Agreement had never been executed. There fund, if any, shall
be  refunded  by  the  Firm  by  registered  post  only  after  realizing  amount  on  further
sale/resale  to  any  other  party  and  without  any  interest  or  compensation  whatsoever  to
the Allottee(s).
This will be without prejudice to any other remedies and rights of the Firm to claim
other liquidated damages which the Firm might have suffered due to such breach
committed by the Allottee(s).

29. All  or  any  disputes  arising  out  or  touching  upon  or  in  relation  to  the  terms  this  Builder  Buyer
Agreement including the interpretation and validity of the terms thereof and the respective
rights  and  obligations  of  the  parties,  which  cannot  be  amicably  settled,  shall  be  settled  through
arbitration. The arbitration proceedings shall be governed by the Arbitration and Conciliation
Act, 1996 or any statutory amendments / modifications thereof for the time being in force. The
arbitration proceedings shall be held by a sole arbitrator who shall be appointed by the
Managing Director of the Firm. The Allottee hereby confirms that he / she shall have no
objection  in  this  appointment.  In  case  of  any  proceeding,  reference  etc.  touching  upon  the
arbitration  subject  including  any  award,  the  territorial  jurisdiction  of  the  competent  courts  of
Rajasthan.

30. That no Allottee shall have any rights to invoke jurisdiction of Civil Court directly without availing

remedy of Arbitration.

31. You are requested to keep one copy of this Agreement with you and return the second copy to
us duly signed within 7 days failing of which we will presume that the given terms & conditions
of this Agreement are acceptable to you.

32. This provisional agreement shall be null and void after final registration of plot/plots.

For & on Behalf of

SVI INFRA SOLUTIONS PVT LTD

(Authorized signatory)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have hereunto and to a duplicate copy hereof set and
subscribed their respective hands at the places and on the day, month and year mentioned under their
respective signatures:

SIGNED AND DELIVERED BY THE WITHIN NAMED Allottee: (including joint Allottees)
(1)
(2)
at 

in the presence of:

on 

WITNESSES:
1. Signature 
Name
Address
(to be completed by the Allottee(s)

2. Signature 
Name
Address

SIGNED AND DELIVERED by the within named Firm at

on

in the presence of:

(AUTHORISED SIGNATORY)

WITNESSES:
1. Signature 
Name
Address

FOR AND ON BEHALF
2. Signature 
Name
Address

Brief details about the total cost of the unit and payment plan are as follows:

Client Name

Alloted Unit

Area (Sq-Yds.) Payment Plan BSP(PSq.Yd)

PLC(in%)

Total Cost

Sunil Bhatnagar

6

105.38

24 Months

₹4900.00

₹5,16,362

Payment Schedule

SNO

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

Date

29-11-25

26-12-25

26-01-26

26-02-26

26-03-26

26-04-26

26-05-26

26-06-26

26-07-26

26-08-26

26-09-26

26-10-26

26-11-26

26-12-26

26-01-27

26-02-27

26-03-27

26-04-27

26-05-27

26-06-27

26-07-27

26-08-27

26-09-27

26-10-27

26-11-27

26-12-27

Particulars

On Booking

Within 28 days

1 Emi

2 Emi

3 Emi

4 Emi

5 Emi

6 Emi

7 Emi

8 Emi

9 Emi

10 Emi

11 Emi

12 Emi

13 Emi

14 Emi

15 Emi

16 Emi

17 Emi

18 Emi

19 Emi

20 Emi

21 Emi

22 Emi

23 Emi

24 Emi

%

10%

20%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

2.9%

Amount

₹51,636

₹1,03,272

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

₹15,061

Request you to transfer the initial amount of 10% (₹51,636) by 29-11-2025 in order to confirm allotment under SVI
Infra Solutions Pvt. Ltd Remaining initial amount need to be paid by 26-12-27

Note: Allotment under SVI Infra Solutions Pvt. Ltd will only be confirmed in case of 10% (₹51,636) payment received
by 29-11-2025

In the event you fail to make the payment as per the payment plan chosen by you, then allotment of these plots will
be automatically cancel.

Payment can be transferred online using the following details:

Account Name: Svi Infra Solutions Pvt. Ltd
Account Number: 0894102000013837
Bank : IDBI BANK
IFSC CODE: IBKL0000894


